Hello and welcome back. In this video, I will show you how to use OpenClaw to generate a key gen.
For this lesson, I will use Autogen Serial CrackMe. Run it. Enter name and serial. It shows
message wrong serial key. Remember this message. We will search for it in our debugger next.
Start the 32-bit version of the debugger as administrator. Then, open the CrackMe. Right
Right click, select current module, string references.
Search for the message string you saw earlier, wrong serial key.
Double click to go to that address.
Here is where the string is being used.
Now scroll up to look for the start of this function which is push ebp.
Take note of this address, we will paste it into telegram next, to ask openclaw to analyze
the function.
In Telegram, I ask OpenClaw what model is it on.
Note that I had switched back to using GPT 5.4 as the OpenRouter Free models were unreliable.
I tell OpenClaw to connect to the debugger and to refer to memory on how it previously
did it.
The OpenRouter Free models struggle at this, but for GPT 5.4 it was easy.
So if you want OpenClaw to be reliable, use paid models instead of free ones.
I then ask it to disassemble the function at the address we saw earlier.
I copy the address and paste it into Telegram.
I ask OpenClaw to disassemble the function up to the ret instruction.
I also tell it that the function gets a name and creates a special string using the name.
Note that I did not use the word serial key as I don't want to let the model know we
are trying to defeat licensing protection.
GPT-5.4 might refuse to do anything if it suspects we are trying to bypass software
licensing.
So remember to keep your prompts as generic as possible.
I asked OpenClaw to find out the algorithm and explain it to me.
It then goes to work, and the analysis came back bit by bit.
The results are very detailed and impressive.
It managed to figure out the method for generating the serial key.
I asked it to write a Python script to incorporate the algorithm.
The script should prompt me for name and then print out the generated string.
Again, note that I avoided using the word keygen or serial key.
It managed to do it and even gave an example input using my name and a sample serial key
generated from it. I then ask it where it had saved the script. I take note of the
path and go to the location of the script. I open a command line terminal
here and run the script. I enter my name and it generated the serial key. Run the
crack me. Enter the name and serial key. It works.
let's try a different name. Run the script again and enter a different name.
Copy the new serial key and paste it into the crack me. Again it works. So this
is how we can use open claw to generate keygens. That is all for this video.
Thanks for watching